hey youtube brick man without in here
again with another Babli video and this
time i am posting a tutorial on a
launcher i'm going to show you the one I
showed you in how to make rock gantt
rock Dagon's um
this one is the one that I showed you
before I'm not actually going to show
you a sneak peek I'm just going to set
out the pieces real quickly this is a
very short one and really easy to build
and I actually show my other launch or
two if I have enough time so first you
want to get this motor it has two little
pegs on the side for wheels and it has
this little piece in the middle and
these two most people might not have
this but if you do you're set to go
this is a motored one I'm trying to work
on non-motor than one where you just
spin it and it goes but so sorry another
piece laid out you're going to need this
now this depends on everything after you
do this you're going to take your ramped
one your ramped 2x2 is what you're going
to need you're going to need a 1 by 3 a
2 by 3 sorry and 1 by 2 or you could
just have a 2 by 4 I like this because I
like mine multicolored it shows my
possession of it it's how I customized
it and then you're going to need a 2 by
14 so first you want to take your slope
2 by 2 brick and you're going to place
that right there and as you can see
you'll have a little bump there you're
going to take a 1 by 3 and put that
right down and then you're going to take
your 1 by 2 put it in the back unless
you have a 1 by 4 just light across I
mean 2 by 4 sorry take your 1 but your 2
by 14 and match it up at the end and
it'll have a convenient little spot for
your finger now this is where it all
matters and this is just a grip if
you're having if you're using a lefty
Bay um like I'm like I have one but I'm
not going to use lefty I'm a user righty
um you're also going to need one of
these little one by one
Keeler's stud on top hole and bottom so
if you're going to do it lefty you're
going to put the wheel right on the
right side and this thing on the left
but if you're doing it right ii like i
am you're going to place your wheel on
the left and this thing hole in the
bottom first placing that pushing as
hard as you can it's going to be like
that on top of it and now i'm going to
take you over with well these two go
together
excuse the phone if you can hear it I'm
actually going to take this over to here
hold on
technical difficulties there we go
should have a good angle alright so what
you want to do is you want to take it
like this and you want to put it lightly
not too hard but hard enough so that
it'll stay on like that now you just
want to hold it with the wheel and you
want to wrap your finger around so you
hear multiple clicks I'll let you hear
the clicks a minute if I can yeah
sometimes it won't you won't be able to
hear the clicks
that'll occasionally happen hold on
oh no clicks for you today sorry but if
you can see I have it right here when
you spin it it you're going to wait a
minute and then you're going to shake it
like this and it will launch it I'll do
another one in a different video but
thanks for watching come read subscribe
peace